c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\ARCSoftware.exe.config
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\ARCSoftware.exe
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\ARCSoftware.pdb
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware.g.resources
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware.exe
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware.pdb
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\EPPlus.dll
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\ExcelLibrary.dll
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\EPPlus.xml
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware_Content.g.cs
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
c:\users\infinity\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
C:\Users\Infinity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\Infinity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\Infinity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Infinity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\ExcelDataReader.dll
C:\Users\Infinity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\bin\Debug\ExcelDataReader.xml
C:\Users\Infinity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ARCSoftware\ARCSoftware\obj\Debug\ARCSoftware.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
